add a README to the audit package (#5161)
owncloud/ocis: services/audit/README.md

> # Audit service
> 
> The audit service logs all events of the system into an audit log. To be able to prove compliance with corporate guidelines as well as to enable reporting and auditing of operations, the Auditing extension takes note of actions conducted by users and administrators. Per default it will be logged to standard out but can also be configured to a file output. Supported log formats are json or a simple key value ("key1=value1 key2=value2").
> 
> The service is not started automatically when running `ocis server` (single binary setup), it has to be started explicitly.
> 
> Specifically, the application logs
> 
> -   file system operations (create/delete/move; including actions on the trash bin and versioning)
> -   user management operations (creation/deletion of users)
> -   sharing operations (user/group sharing, sharing via link, changing permissions, calls to sharing API from clients)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Audit service

The audit service logs all events of the system as an audit log. Per default, it will be logged to standard out, but can also be configured to a file output. Supported log formats are json or a simple key-value pair ("key1=value1 key2=value2").

With audit logs you are able to prove compliance with corporate guidelines as well as to enable reporting and auditing of operations. The audit service takes note of actions conducted by users and administrators.

The service is not started automatically when running as single binary started via `ocis server` or when running as docker container and must be started and stopped manually on demand.

Specifically, the audit service logs:

-   File system operations (create/delete/move; including actions on the trash bin and versioning)
-   User management operations (creation/deletion of users)
-   Sharing operations (user/group sharing, sharing via link, changing permissions, calls to sharing API from clients)
```

# Audit service

> The audit service logs all events of the system as an audit log. Per default, it will be logged to standard out, but can also be configured to a file output. Supported log formats are json or a simple key-value pair ("key1=value1 key2=value2").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audit service logs all events of the system as an audit log. Per default, it will be logged to standard out, but can also be configured to a file output. Supported log formats are json or a simple key-value pair like:

file_delete)
   user 'user_id' trashed file 'item_id'
file_trash_delete)
   user 'user_id' removed file 'item_id' from trashbin
```
damn, I cant add triple quotes into the suggestion example 😠 

do you have a json example too?

Reviewer: I will continue locally and push up again with changes

With audit logs you are able to prove compliance with corporate guidelines as well as to enable reporting and auditing of operations. The audit service takes note of actions conducted by users and administrators.

The service is not started automatically when running as single binary started via `ocis server` or when running as docker container and must be started and stopped manually on demand.

> Specifically, the audit service logs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The audit service logs:
```
